https://codepen.io/AddyHacker/pen/Powdvjw?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Give meaning to HTML tags.
    2. What is HTML used for? To mark up a website. Give it content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Provide additional information. In a element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The title, once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes A and IMG
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? A selector that can only be used on one element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? A selector that can be use any number of times.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Any
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? Text displayed when a element can't be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id? "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. section is a group of content where a div is more used anywhere you want to group something ie you could wrap you whole page in a div where you wouldn't really use a section to do that.
    17. What is CSS used for? Cascading style sheets
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page just use the element name like h1 {} or img {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? I would use class when I have a group of similar items I want styled the same. I would use a id when I have one item I want to be different then the rest of the content.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A selector that drills down to a object. If you want to style part of a class or id or element 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Used to define states of a element. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-hight:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:	
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Look at the text on the command line??
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, can not recover files removed this way.
    34. Why should I use version control? More orginized with less clutter, files, and easy team integration.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Any time a change happens that if lost would make you want to bash your head on the table.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? Push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork ,add tl, clone, branch, add, commit, pull request to my repo.

    I also added ssh keys for my macbook and windows desktop.

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? A inline element does not get placed on a new line. A block element will get placed on its own line and have a box.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? The element is positioned off of the containing block.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default. P h1 div, span and label, img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? Boxes around html elements. Box Sizing.